Initial hardware documentation for OQC (#816)
NVIDIA/cuda-quantum: docs/sphinx/using/hardware.rst

    cudaq.sample(kernel, shots_count=10000)

To see a complete example for using IQM server backends, take a look at our :ref:`Python examples<python-examples-for-hardware-providers>`.

OQC
==================================

`Oxford Quantum Circuits <https://oxfordquantumcircuits.com/>`__ (OQC) is currently providing cuda quantum integration for our 8 qubit ring topology Lucy device.

Setting Credentials
`````````````````````````

In order to use the OQC devices you will need to register.
Registration is achieved by contacting oqc_qcaas_support@oxfordquantumcircuits.com

Once registered you will be able to authenticate with your ``email`` and ``password``

There are three environment variables that the OQC target will look for during configuration:

1. ``OQC_URL``
2. ``OQC_EMAIL``
3. ``OQC_PASSWORD`` - is mandatory

Submission from C++
`````````````````````````

To target quantum kernel code for execution on the OQC platform, provide the flag ``--target oqc`` to the ``nvq++`` compiler.

> users may provide their :code:`email` and :code:`url` as extra arguments

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users may provide their :code:`email` and :code:`url` as extra arguments
```

.. code:: bash

>     nvq++ --target oqc --oqc-email $email --oqc-url $url src.cpp -o executable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    nvq++ --target oqc --oqc-email <email> --oqc-url <url> src.cpp -o executable
```

Reviewer: I believe this previously applied suggestion may have been lost as part of the recent force pushes.

> where both environment variables and extra arguments are supplied, precedent is given to the extra arguments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When both environment variables and extra arguments are supplied, precedence is given to the extra arguments.
```

Reviewer: I believe this previously applied suggestion may have been lost as part of the recent force pushes.

To run the output, provide the runtime loaded variables and invoke the pre-built executable

.. code:: bash

>    OQC_PASSWORD=$password ./executable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   OQC_PASSWORD=<password> ./executable
```

Reviewer: I believe this previously applied suggestion may have been lost as part of the recent force pushes.

To emulate the OQC device locally, without submitting through the OQC QCaaS services, you can pass the ``--emulate`` flag to ``nvq++``.
This will emit any target specific compiler warnings and diagnostics, before running a noise free emulation.

.. code:: bash

    nvq++ --emulate --target oqc src.cpp -o executable

.. note::

    There is currently no requirement to specify the machine in use. This is configured via the url which points to the relevant system.

.. note::

>     The OQC quantum assembly toolchain (qat) which we use to compile and execute instructions can be found on github as `oqc-community/qat <https://github.com/oqc-community/qat>`__

Reviewer: Suggest replacing the "we"...
```suggestion
    The OQC quantum assembly toolchain (qat) which is used to compile and execute instructions can be found on github as `oqc-community/qat <https://github.com/oqc-community/qat>`__
```

Reviewer: I believe this previously applied suggestion may have been lost as part of the recent force pushes.

Submission from Python
`````````````````````````

To set which OQC url, set the :code:`url` parameter.
To set which OQC email, set the :code:`email` parameter.

.. code:: python

   import os
   import cudaq
   # ...
   os.environ['OQC_PASSWORD'] = password
   cudaq.set_target(target="oqc", url="")

> you can then execute a kernel against the platform using the oqc Lucy device

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can then execute a kernel against the platform using the OQC Lucy device
```

Reviewer: I believe this previously applied suggestion may have been lost as part of the recent force pushes.
